[DOC] Add documentation of optional custom IDs for ML resources (#12929)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/blueprints.md

|:-------------------------------------------------|:---|:------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `name`                                           | String | Yes         | The name of the connector.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | `connector_id`                                   | String | No          | Unique identifier for the connector. If omitted, OpenSearch auto-generates one. **Introduced 3.9** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `connector_id`                                   | String | No          | A unique identifier for the connector. If omitted, OpenSearch generates one automatically. |
```
